>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
How would you like to wake
up in the dead of night,
and have some
creature, some entity,
standing at the
foot of your bed?
Well, that's what
happened to the author
of Alien Scriptures,
Michael Carter.
And at that time, it scared the
living daylights out of you.
>>MICHAEL CARTER: Yeah.
Yeah.
And I told you, I
still sleep with--
>>NOORY: One eye open?
>>CARTER: Well, with the
light on 'til the last minute.
But again, now it's not
so much because this
has been over years.
It's just to wake up,
and there's-- my windows,
my doors are locked-- I'm home,
and to see someone else there.
At the beginning, it used to
be paralysis, where I could--
>>NOORY: Which is
another horrible feeling.
>>CARTER: Yes.
And the more I panicked,
the worse things got.
And then it just stopped.
I don't know whether the
paralysis was to protect them
from me, or whatever it was.
And things kind of progressed.
And again, it was
just the jarring
of seeing another
individual-- because they
are individuals-- in my room.
But they started me on this
journey-- the Bible, just
getting into that, just
reading it in a different way.
Yes, I mean, the Bible's
an interesting book,
because we've used it
for so many things.
We've used it to
condone slavery.
We've used it to keep women
oppressed or marginalized.
We've used it to keep
gay brothers and sisters
marginalized and oppressed.
And it's also been
an uplifting book.
So we can use the Bible
in any way we want.
But if I just look at it--
for instance, in Isaiah 40,
chapter 40, verse 22, it says--
and Isaiah is writing, what,
4,500-5,000 years ago-- that it
is he who sits above the sphere
of the earth and its inhabitants
are like grasshoppers.
What was--
>>NOORY: Hello?
>>CARTER: What was
he, in a helicopter?
How does he know that?
How does he know
the Earth was round?
I was taught that of
course, Columbus came,
and until then you
fall off the edge.
But he's saying that
the Earth is round,
and that the inhabitants
look like grasshoppers.
And what is it--
Job, chapter 39,
and in chapter 9 of
Job, Yahweh says to Job,
can you create the
Pleiades or Orion?
Can you do that?
>>NOORY: He can.
>>CARTER: Yeah.
I can do that.
And we could still argue--
I mean, he's bullying Job.
But again, he's
talking about this.
Amos 5:8 again, the reference to
Pleiades, Orion, a star system
called the bear.
It's right there.
When I was in seminary, I asked
my Old Testament professor--
her name is Phyllis Trible.
She's still alive.
She's a genius.
And I asked her about this.
And she honestly
said, I don't know.
But she didn't say,
what are you, crazy?
And I have to give
credit to my seminary,
because they
could've said, if you
want to graduate-- I
went to Union Theological
Seminary in New York, one of the
top seminaries in the country.
They could have said, you're
not writing this drivel
and graduating from here.
They embraced it.
So I'm standing on the
shoulders of a lot of people.
We can go to-- so I
just mentioned Exodus.
You know, the beginning
of the Jewish exodus.
That's a UFO story.
I just mentioned in Isaiah--
>>NOORY: Fatima?
Fatima is.
>>CARTER: Oh, my God.
You and I talked about that.
Yes, we have thousands
of people seeing--
>>NOORY: --this
object, which they
said was the sun coming down?
Come on.
>>CARTER: Come on.
Come on, come on.
Let's be real.
And again, it's the context
of religion and spirituality
that intrigues me.
We look at the story of Jesus,
the three wise men following
a star.
Now, stars do not move
across the face of the earth,
and they don't shine
lights down on mangers.
I mean, they just don't.
They just don't.
And it doesn't make
it bad or wrong.
And here we have a
woman who is a virgin.
But virgin did not mean
she did not have sex.
Virgin is from the
Hebrew word "almah,"
which means young girl.
And we see that these
individuals have
the capabilities of genetics
and cloning, and what have you.
She could've been pregnant
without making love,
if you will, which is how I
think that Jesus came about.
>>NOORY: Well, do you believe
in the Zecharia Sitchin theory?
>>CARTER: Yes, I met Zecharia--
the late Zecharia Sitchin.
Yeah.
It just makes sense.
And I think that
we have to grow up.
Childhood's end is over.
It Is over.
We have to take responsibility
for this planet.
We have to take
responsibility on how
we deal with one another,
or else the gig is up.
I'm not preaching
hell and damnation,
but we can destroy ourselves.
We can destroy ourselves
and this planet--
>>NOORY: No question.
>>CARTER: --with this
belief in difference,
that we are just different.
Jesus goes up after
the crucifixion.
He goes up to heaven in what?
A cloud.
Now our ancestors, they may
not have been as sophisticated,
but they knew the difference
between a cloud-- and I mean,
they were using the
vernacular of their day.
Like in the Old Testament--
>>NOORY: They describe
what they saw.
>>CARTER: The vapor comes out.
It looks like a cloud.
He got on that and he left.
But they're not saying
that he got in a cloud.
They're using the
vernacular of their day.
With all that said,
whether it's Buddha,
Jesus, Lao Tzu, these
beings-- avatars, saints,
call them what you
will-- and they're not
all from back in the day.
They're coming to say,
there's a better way.
There's a civilized way.
There's love.
And you can cultivate that.
You have to cultivate that.
That's where we're coming from.
>>NOORY: Do they tell
you where they're from?
>>CARTER: I never even
asked where they were from.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>CARTER: In that
moment, I'm just like,
I'm just amazed that
you're in my room--
>>NOORY: The next visit--
>>CARTER: --putting these
pictures in my head.
>>NOORY: You've gotta ask.
For me.
>>CARTER: I would ask.
There's one that came on March 5
that looked like a human being.
It wasn't the reptilian.
And they had a hood on.
But I couldn't see-- it was
just the outline of a face.
Like what a monk would wear.
From what I've seen,
they look like, you
know, like the Pleiadians.
The other ones definitely
were not humanoid.
I mean definitely
were not human.
The reptilian was a reptilian.
>>NOORY: Were they
animal-looking?
>>CARTER: No.
It looked like a person.
I mean, they had a hood on,
but they had arms and legs
and they had a hood
like a monk would wear.
>>NOORY: What did they want?
What do they do?
>>CARTER: Like I said, all I
know from what I've-- and I
haven't asked,
where are you from?
I'm just amazed that
you're in my house.
How did you do this?
I'm still at that
level, to tell what
I'm doing now, to raise
people's vibrations.
And I don't know
what that means.
And when some people say, I'm
going to the fifth dimension,
I know it's a singing group in
the sixties called The Fifth
Dimension--
>>NOORY: They were
pretty good, too.
>>CARTER: They were very good.
I don't know what
that means, but I
know that I think
it means that we're
going to vibrate at
a different level,
that we're going to leave
our baser instincts.
This is very difficult to do,
to change a whole paradigm,
to change, to go from, I can
settle my differences with war,
whether it's over oil or water,
and to go, well, wait a minute.
There's another-- that's
a change of vibration.
That's a change of a paradigm.
And it's a difficult
thing to do.
But we have to do it because
the stakes are much too high.
>>NOORY: When you
talk to parishioners,
for lack of a
better word, right,
does the subject
of ufology come up?
>>CARTER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: From them or from you?
>>CARTER: Yes and no.
It won't come up for me.
People after a
service-- first of all,
I'm in a Unitarian
Universalist denomination.
We're getting better.
>>NOORY: Which is what?
>>CARTER: Unitarians-- the
quick explanation is this.
Unitarians rejected the Trinity.
We said that there's
no scriptural--
it's a weird
mathematical formula.
And we say that there's
one God, unitarian.
Boom.
Universalists say
that God is love.
They both came from Europe to
the shores of this country.
Unitarianism here 1825,
Universalism came in the 1700s.
John Murray brought it over
from England, New Hope,
Pennsylvania, the whole bit.
The theological points are
this, that Universalists say,
if God is love, then no one's
going to be barbecued in hell.
Because it boggles the mind.
>>NOORY: Ain't gonna happen.
>>CARTER: If God is love.
Because love would not do that.
The Unitarians say that
there was only one God,
and that's it.
And so they merged in 1961.
We looked at Jesus as
the great example, not
the great exception-- that
Jesus was a human being who
was so God-intoxicated,
if you will.
Now I'm going beyond
that now, saying
that he was possibly a hybrid.
But we are the most
rational, very well-educated,
upper middle-class denomination.
So this is kind of
far out for them.
But people-- we talked
about "Ancient Aliens."
People saw me on
"Ancient Aliens."
They come up and shake my hand
at the end of the service.
They want more.
Or they say, I
listen to your show.
I'm telling the truth.
Or they'll say, of
late, they'll say,
well I watch "Ancient Aliens."
And I'm like, oh, really?
>>NOORY: They're into this.
>>CARTER: So they're into it.
Now, they're not asking me
to preach it from the pulpit,
and I don't feel called to.
But at least it's not where
it would have been maybe 10,
15 years ago.
Maybe I wouldn't even
have had a job there,
if I was talking this
openly about this.
But I don't preach
it from the pulpit.
I don't feel called
to start a UFO church,
even though I've heard
of some people who have.
But it's two different things.
I just want people
to come together.
I want them to-- I want us to
look, whether it's race or war
or whatever the
craziness we get into,
I want us to start looking
at that in a different way,
and to grow up.
And that includes me.
I mean, I have my
biases and prejudices.
And I wake up every
day, and I need to say,
you could have done
that differently,
or you could have handled that
differently, or what have you.
But it's doable.
>>NOORY: What's so
amazing, Michael,
is that this is a vast universe.
They're finding planets
by the hundreds.
It is only a matter
of time where
they're going to find
life out there and know
that it's intelligent.
But I also believe that that
intelligent life has already
found us.
>>CARTER: I agree.
>>NOORY: I mean, we're four
and a half billion years
old as a planet.
The universe is
14 billion years.
Let's give another society
two billion years ahead of us.
That's all.
>>CARTER: Yeah, yeah.
That's all we're talking about.
>>NOORY: Just two billion years.
Can you imagine the
things they possess?
Assuming they didn't
obliterate themselves?
>>CARTER: And some of them
have obliterated themselves,
I think.
>>NOORY: I bet.
>>CARTER: And from the
literature, some of them
are coming to say, we
don't want to happen
to us to happened to you.
There are some like
the Pleiadians, who,
reading other contactees who've
had that contact with them
saying, but you have free will.
We cannot step in and say
this is how it's done.
>>NOORY: We could, but
we're not going to.
>>CARTER: Right.
There's some galactic
federation or what have you.
But then there are others who
contactees have said, yeah,
but some of them have
told me-- Jim Sparks,
for instance-- that we will
if we had to because we're not
going to let you
ruin this planet.
There's a wonderful line in the
remake of "The Day The Earth
Stood Still," with
Keanu Reeves, and I
forget-- Connelly's
her last name.
Very attractive woman.
Good actress.
And she says to Klaatu,
"You've come to help us."
>>NOORY: Jennifer Connelly.
>>CARTER: Yes.
He said if the
earth dies, you die.
But if the earth
lives, you still live.
The earth doesn't need us.
She doesn't need us.
We need her.
And so--
>>NOORY: She was here
long before we were.
>>CARTER: And will be
here when we're gone.
And she will cleanse
herself, I think.
>>NOORY: What
fascinates you the most
about what you work on now?
'Cause I suspect it's
changed your life.
>>CARTER: It has changed
my life, to a degree.
It's up there with being a
dad and being married-- just
how my life has a purpose,
in the sense of the work I
do as a diversity
consultant, getting people
to see that diversity
is bigger than race.
>>NOORY: What is a
diversity consultant?
>>CARTER: What I do is, I
was a diversity officer--
they called me
"officer," I didn't
have a badge-- at a
hospital in Asheville.
And what I did was--
I did many things.
I taught classes on
different and how
to be accepting of
difference, taught
classes on how when we go into
the different communities,
whether it's the gay
community, whether it's
the African-American community,
Latino community, that we have
to go in, find not
what we can teach you,
but what can we learn from you?
What are your needs?
Going through the religious
thing of, if you're Muslim,
an orthodox Muslim and you
come into the hospital,
if you're Orthodox Jew, how
can we make your stay better
and let you keep your integrity?
Just dealing with differences.
>>NOORY: Are people
open to that?
>>CARTER: Yeah.
They are.
And they respond to it.
So this is part of that journey,
because the folk that I'm
talking about, they
just live off-world.
But they are different.
And they're diverse.
And we have to be able and
grown up enough to communicate.
>>NOORY: Many different
kinds of races up there.
>>CARTER: Just
like we have here.
Just like we have here.
>>NOORY: But they somehow
have mastered getting along.
>>CARTER: They have.
They have.
At least the beings that
I've been in contact with,
and the people I've talked to.
>>NOORY: So I'm not
sure I'd get along
with the praying
mantis-looking ones.
>>CARTER: Well,
just aesthetically,
just to look at them-- but
that's the challenge, isn't it?
>>NOORY: But have you ever
looked at a little insect
praying mantis?
They look so intelligent, the
way their little head looks,
and it turns, and they stare at
you with their big beady eyes?
>>CARTER: But they're that big.
Now suppose one comes
in your room at night.
>>NOORY: About your size.
>>CARTER: Yes.
With the same cute
little beady eyes.
Yeah.
So you know--
>>NOORY: Why are you in my room?
>>CARTER: I'm still
at that phase.
But I'm sure I will have
these-- I will tell you this.
I went to a good
friend of mine who's
a psychic, who knew
nothing about this.
>>NOORY: At all.
>>CARTER: Well, I
didn't tell him--
>>NOORY: --your story.
>>CARTER: They told me my story.
But they did say to me
that other races have
been visiting me, Michael.
But they said to me,
he's deceased now.
Not conveniently, but his
name was Michael Gene Ashley.
I mean, he could
remote view-- I mean,
he could have worked
for the government.
He was that talented.
>>NOORY: Maybe he did.
>>CARTER: He took a--
well, I don't know.
He took a class.
He took a workshop, the silver
mind control method back in--
>>NOORY: Oh yeah.
I took that too.
>>CARTER: And that
opened him up to this.
And he told me-- I
didn't mention it.
I was still in the
closet about it.
And he said, he lived up on
150th and Riverside in Harlem,
and I went up to his house.
And he said man,
I want you-- look.
You brought some people
in my house with you.
And I said, what do you mean?
He said, there's some
little people around you.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>CARTER: And he says,
they look like leprechauns.
But they have things
to do, something
to do with outer space.
I had never mentioned
that to him at all.
I hadn't mentioned it to
anybody at that point,
except the therapist.
And then before he died, we did
several readings about that.
But he told me it was
past life related,
but he said-- as we met
every year, whatever
to do-- there were other
visitors visiting me.
So who knows?
I mean, I used to
think this whole talk
about a galactic
federation was just
kinda "Kumbaya,"
a new agey thing.
But I'm starting to--
>>NOORY: I think it's
probably pretty smart.
>>CARTER: It's real.
It's real.
>>NOORY: We're not in it.
>>CARTER: Yet.
But we fight too much.
We fight too much.
>>NOORY: Would you let us
in it if you were them?
>>CARTER: I don't even
know if I'd let me in it.
>>NOORY: I'd let you in it.
But I wouldn't let us in it.
>>CARTER: No.
>>NOORY: I'd say this
is a planet that's
all they do is kill each other.
>>CARTER: Well, and we
have the nuclear thing.
I mean, it's the reason that
all these sightings occurred
in the '50s after we were the
most powerful nation on earth.
We split the atom over
two civilian cities--
>>NOORY: And now
they show up, right?
>>CARTER:--which is
an act of terrorism.
I mean, these weren't
military installations.
And they've come
and they've said,
it's like putting a gun
in the hand of a child.
Your spirituality has not
caught up with your technology.
And we love technology.
And I think in
our culture, we've
mistaken information for wisdom.
We got all the
information you want.
I got too much information.
But we've mistaken
that for wisdom.
That's concerning.
We can be concerned.
I mean, knowledge
applied can be wisdom.
But just because I have
a whole lot of stats
and whatever to give you,
because the bottom line is,
how do I apply this to
making a better world?
And again, you don't have
to have ETs tell you this.
But I don't care whether you're
a bricklayer or a minister
or whatever.
The point is, to be
here is to evolve,
to learn to love, to learn
to grow, and to pass that on.
I have a daughter
who's eight years old,
and I want her to live
in a different world.
>>NOORY: Are you glad this
has happened to you, Michael?
>>CARTER: I am.
>>NOORY: No regrets?
>>CARTER: No.
No.
Now, it's not a
caveat, but I also
had people who nurtured me.
My first wife, who was a
deeply spiritual woman,
she walked that journey with me.
I mean, we broke up
for other reasons
and we're still
very good friends.
Because a lot of contactees,
a lot of experiencers,
their relationships fell apart.
>>NOORY: People can't handle it.
One or the other--
>>CARTER: They can't,
because it's fringe.
It's not as fringe
now, obviously.
But at that time, what?
Little green-- what
are you talking about?
>>NOORY: Would you
prefer, though,
that they would
have left you alone?
>>CARTER: No.
No.
Because all these things
I talk about-- love
and how can we reach out and get
along-- it's one thing to think
it.
But it's another thing to talk
about it and try and do it.
And it's hard to do.
I told you about the
Presbyterian brother
who came up to me.
I agree with the
love part, but you're
selective with
your Bible verses.
And so I'm like, well, if
you agree with the love,
what else do we
have to talk about?
And we have examples through
history, whether it's King
or whether it's Jesus
or maybe some people
that we know and love in our
own contemporary lives that
have tried to talk about
this and have been shunned
or beat up.
Everybody wants to--
we love Nelson Mandela.
My God, he's in prison
27 years, he comes out.
Yes, there's black and white,
and we're all going to be one.
Everybody claps,
and yay, yay, yay.
But Nelson was a human being.
And what was potential in
him is potential in us.
But we like when
other people do it.
I don't want do that.
Come on.
We have to do it.
We're not gonna have any
more Nelson Mandelas.
Not gonna have any more Kings.
We are the ones we've
been waiting for.
We are the saviors that
we've been waiting for.
No one's going to do it for us.
>>NOORY: You've brought
us some pictures
of Jesus and spaceships.
Talk a little bit about that.
>>CARTER: I forgot
who gave that to me.
This was years ago
when I was in New York
and I was in a
UFO support group.
Again, you know, Bud Hopkins was
helping me out, and Jean Mundy.
And a friend of mine
just gave that to me.
And it happened at the right
time because I was exploring--
>>NOORY: --what was
going on with you.
>>CARTER: Yeah.
Yeah.
And they gave it to me.
And I even said to the folks at
"Ancient Aliens," if you ever
do a thing on
Jesus, count me in.
And you've got to
see this picture.
But you're the first person
to have seen this picture.
But you know, I don't
want to trivialize Jesus.
I'm saying that I believe
Jesus was a hybrid.
If you argue that
he was not a hybrid,
he had every contact with
other world intelligences.
>>NOORY: He did.
>>CARTER: OK.
So if he wasn't a hybrid,
he was a contactee.
He was an experiencer.
>>NOORY: And it's so
important, Michael, for people
to understand that if you
talk about things like this,
you're not slapping
the face of God.
At all.
If anything, you're
adding to it.
>>CARTER: What
boggles my mind is
how, if this God is this God,
this supreme whatever, little
me, finite me, infinite it,
God doesn't need other people
to defend God.
And so people say, well,
I'm-- the guy said,
"I'm defending God.
And you're drawing
people away from God."
I didn't say it, because
I'm not going to go there,
but God wouldn't need
you to defend it.
This is personal.
>>NOORY: But these
beings did come to you.
>>CARTER: Yes, they did.
>>NOORY: Why?
Why you?
Are there millions
of you out there?
>>CARTER: Yeah.
Of course there are.
You've had them on your show
who are talking about this,
and who are not coming
from the fear factor.
That's the difference.
Because-- and again,
for brothers and sisters
who've had implants
and all that,
I'm not saying--
that's traumatic.
I'm just saying,
don't make the mistake
that we humans do of saying,
"They did this, so all of them
do this."
It's not about that.
Your experience is
your experience.
Bud and I used to
get into this a lot.
And quite frankly, I would
say, "Bud, there's so much
fear in the group."
And he said, "Well, look
what happened to them."
And I said, "Yeah you're right.
But that didn't happen to me."
My story is just as valid.
It may not be sensational.
It may not be-- if I'm talking
about we have to get together,
that's not sensational.
But I'm not abused.
No one abducted me.
I don't feel like
I was abducted.
I feel like I got a slap
in the face about, OK.
Grow up.
I mean, at the time I
was having my visits,
I was in the theater in New York
living a fast life, you know,
auditioning, doing shows,
going to parties afterwards.
And they came and
they didn't say this,
but it was like, it's a
little more to it than that.
There's a little more
to your life than that.
>>NOORY: It's pretty darn
fascinating, isn't it?
>>CARTER: It is.
>>NOORY: Just to think
of the possibilities.
What's out there?
>>CARTER: That's it.
>>NOORY: Why are
they doing this?
What do they want?
Who are we?
But it does make
you wonder, I think,
about your own
existence, and where
we're headed as a species.
>>CARTER: Well, it's paradoxical
because, yes, there's
a divinity in me.
As Lincoln says, there's a
divinity that shapes our ends.
But also, when I
flew here yesterday
and I looked down,
the grasshoppers,
I could also look
pretty insignificant.
I was a little speck.
So it's at both ends.
And I think what it is, is we
have a hard time as a culture,
as a species, wrapping
our minds around paradox.
It's either either/or.
It's either good or
bad, as opposed to,
like, the Buddhists say--
you take the middle path.
Usually life is
somewhere in the middle.
And we have to
change our paradigms.
We have to.
But I'm not saying anything
any different from A Course
in Miracles, or some
biblical teachings.
Or I'm not saying anything
different from that.
I'm just saying that we're
not alone in the universe,
and these are
spiritual experiences.
They're spiritual
experiences to me.
That's the best
way I can put it.
>>NOORY: There are
some that think
that we will have disclosure.
That government will
come out and say, folks,
we've been visited.
Sorry we kept it a secret.
But that's the way it is.
And this is what's going on.
I don't think it's going
to happen that way.
>>CARTER: No.
But I think it's happening now.
I think it's happening
in the sense of,
these sightings are just--
you can't deny it anymore.
No more weather balloons.
I do agree with--
>>NOORY: And unless we have
these large, triangular-shaped
objects, they're not ours.
>>CARTER: Well, what
does Richard Borland
say, the UFO historian?
He says that the
way to make it work
is to use Mandela's
model with apartheid,
that we have pardons for people.
And if people know that they
can come out and say what
has gone on, but knowing
that they can be pardoned,
it may happen faster that way.
But I mean, I don't
think we really
need to have an
official disclosure,
because people believe it.
So many people see it
and believe it now,
that it's happening now.
Because if we wait for that,
we're not living our lives.
We're being reactive.
Well, as soon as they
let us know-- oh, no.
We can say we do know.
And we want to create
more exopolitics.
We want to do that.
>>NOORY: Are there
Michael Carters
in Brazil and China
and the United Kingdom?
>>CARTER: I believe--
>>NOORY: This is happening
all over the place.
>>CARTER: Yes, I believe that.
I believe that.
Who's the brother in Mexico,
Jamie-- I forget his last name.
>>NOORY: Jaime.
>>CARTER: Yeah.
He's doing it.
>>NOORY: Jaime Muson.
>>CARTER: He's been doing it.
They're out there.
Much more than I'm doing.
I mean, they have maybe some
means or some privilege.
And this guy Jamie's
a newscaster.
But yeah, we're out there.
And that's what's going--
it used to bother me
when I would go to-- we
need Stanton Friedman.
We need all these--
>>NOORY: God, I hope
he goes on forever.
He's going to be 80
years old this year.
God love him.
>>CARTER: He's
kicking and screaming.
I love him.
But I also want to say that
what about the contact--
we needed John Mack.
>>NOORY: We needed Hopkins.
>>CARTER: Yes.
But we also need these people
who had the experience.
We need them.
Because we've had
the experience.
You can hypothesize, and we
need that data and all that.
But that's what made
John Mack who he was.
John Mack knew how
important to these stories
the contactees were.
>>NOORY: Is there anything
about this that scares you?
>>CARTER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That there's
something wrong
that you can't put
your finger on it?
>>CARTER: Well,
the only thing that
scares me is that there
are renegade ET brothers
and sisters out there who maybe
have made a treaty with us
with technology, for
whatever we want to do.
We know the story
about Eisenhower
meeting the Granada Treaty.
>>NOORY: If that happened.
>>CARTER: If that happened.
But yeah.
And that's where we
walk this balance.
I walk this balance.
I know that we can't judge
a whole lot by a little bit.
And I know people, my
more conservative brothers
and sisters, say
they're all demonic.
They're all demonic.
>>NOORY: That's what Barry says.
>>CARTER: Can you imagine that?
They're--
>>NOORY: Barry's a
believer in that, right?
>>CARTER: --they're all demonic.
Barry, I think Barry
believes that they're angels.
He doesn't believe
that they're demonic.
He has his problems
with people who
believe that they're demonic.
But isn't that immature
to judge a whole species?
>>NOORY: Maybe
they're everything.
>>CARTER: I think
they're like us.
I think there are
more evolved people,
and I think there are
less evolved people.
And so the discernment--
and because we
are so enamored
with technology, did
we sell our souls
for technology?
That worries me.
>>NOORY: People want
Alien Scriptures.
They want to go to your website.
How do they find you?
>>CARTER: They can go
to michaeljscarter.com.
That's my website.
Write me there.
We can blog.
And you can pick up the
book at Barnes & Noble's.
It's in softcover.
It's like $9.49.
$4.99 on Kindle and Nook.
Alien Scriptures, Reverend
Michael JS Carter.
>>NOORY: Reverend,
thanks so much.
You take care of yourself.
We need more people like you.
>>CARTER: Bless you.
Thank you for saying that.
And you as well.
>>NOORY: "Beyond Belief,"
where we look at just
about every possibility--
ETs, aliens, and angels.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."